Update email-authentication-dkim-configure.md (#11869)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/email-authentication-dkim-configure.md

All the accepted domains of your tenant will be shown in the Microsoft 365 Defender portal under the DKIM page. If you do not see it, add your accepted domain from [domains page](/microsoft-365/admin/setup/add-domain#add-a-domain).
Once your domain is added, follow the steps as shown below to configure DKIM.

> Step 1: Click on the domain you wish to configure DKIM on DKIM page (https://security.microsoft.com/dkimv2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 1: Select the domain for which you wish to configure DKIM on the DKIM page (https://security.microsoft.com/dkimv2).
```
